these are the beautiful people beautiful
without question
[Music]
people well you'll see them and you will
understand why the filmmakers who spent
four years shooting over half a million
feet of film couldn't call them anything
else but people the beautiful people
here in the Namib Desert of Africa
50,000 square miles of fierce and
terrible wilderness almost undisturbed
by ma'am there live a variety of
creatures beyond imagination
from the Red Desert to the white desert
and into the great secret the Namib
hides here where the Kevon go river is
swallowed in the ever thirsting sands a
luxurious sub tropical paradise is
created far from the sight of man
but even here where life can be lush it
can be a little too much especially for
some when the fruit starts to ferment
ferociously
[Music]
and even in paradise there's a tomorrow
two-faced does that person look familiar
it's not all fun because this is real as
real as hunger and the primeval order of
hunter and hunted
[Music]
see this unexampled feature film of a
real life never before viewed on any
screen a special kind of life viewed
with a special kind of sympathy and
you'll understand that these creatures
proud been tiny the funny and enormous
and terrifying and hideous and pitiful
and beautiful creatures are all indeed
beautiful people
[Music]
you